Code Implementation with Detailed Algorithmic Discussion:

If you are using Java, TreeMap is a great balanced binary search tree implementation backed by Red-Black tree, based on either the natural ordering of the keys or the ordering defined in a user defined comparator. According to the documentation TreeMap has guaranteed log(n) time cost for the containsKey, get, put and remove operations.

You would often hear that Tech Giants do not specify that you need to know any specific language in order to be eligible for a specific job role. All they care about is that you know at least one programming language (object oriented programming language, preferably) really well. They expect you to have deep understanding of the whereabouts of that language and know the internals of the data structures you are using from the library of the language of your choice. You need to show them deep understanding of at least one programming language. This solution is a striking example of why it is so important to know a language and internals of the data structures already implemented in the library so well. It helps you assess the performance (time complexity, in this case) of your solution correctly and come up with better solutions. Look how knowing the internals of the TreeMap implementation in Java library is so important in designing the below solution correctly. This is why I often advise to become expert in at least one programming language instead of knowing several languages superficially.

This is overall a better solution since top(K) operation plays an important role in designing the Leaderboard and would be frequently used to display the Leaderboard in a real-world Game scenario. Leaderboard is all about displaying the top K players according to their ranks. So, even though we are making a trade-off of having O(logN) implementation of reset and addScore operations instead of O(1) implementations that we had in our first two solutions, this implementation is far more practical and more efficient solution in a real-world situation for Game Development. I hope you learned a lot from this chapter!
